Hey guys.
Before we deep dive into the course let me quickly go over the structure of the course and probably
more importantly why the Course is structured that way.
The main focus of the course is to cover most aspects of the email and say assess.
Now we need to be realistic though there is no course in the world that covers everything.
So the idea is to get you comfortable with both technology.
The problem is that there is no way for me to evaluate how far into the web world you're currently in.
Maybe this is your first experience with age the amount you assess or maybe you already know each.
And just want to learn more about this as great.
What I'm trying to say is that since course has multiple tutorials.
You'll need to pick a starting point that is most comfortable for you.
Let's say you are a beginner you would start with the very first videos about the demo.
If you already know each CML you would jump straight into the ISIS and you get the point.
Like I said before course will be hands on project based because personally slides put me to sleep.
With that being said slides are not all bad and I will use them to get a specific point across.
You'll see more slides in the beginning of the course and less slides as the course moves along.
If you'll start watching course from the very beginning please be prepared to switch focus points few
times since I have to cover multiple things at the same time and they all code depend on one another.
So for example we cannot work with age the amount without actually downloading the text enter and so
on.
Last but not least during the course I will show you.
Useful external references but that is not because I'm lazy to talk about them myself.
You see as a web developer you'll daily search for information whether you forgot something or how to
do something.
And by the way that is perfectly normal.
Nobody expects you to remember everything or you will trying to learn something new and having best
resources will save your time tremendously.
OK let's learn some major damage on CSX shall we.